When you called me from London,
you mentioned a woman.
No, I don't think so.
Don't take me for an idiot, would you?
You said, "She's not interested in money."
Who is she?
Alison Rowdy.
Alison?
- Your Alison?
- Yes, Alison Rowdy.
There you go.
You contacted Alison
when you were in London?
I've always kept tabs on her.
She treated you like shit,
and you go back to her?
I thought you would be more resentful.
- She was the only one who could help me.
- Help you?
She built a new life
by testifying against you.
Not to mention,
she put that redhead's death on your back.
- You should hate her for that.
- Vlado! Vlado!
- What the fuck is that?
- That's it, get lost!
What is he-- What's his problem?
- Come on, sit down.
- You can't do that to me.
Well, in a way, I do hate her.
- Hey, can we have another one, please?
- Yeah?
Thank you.
Don't worry about me, I've moved on.
You know, she's changed.
She gained weight, she got old.
She's not like she used to be.
Here.
The redhead's name was Nathalie.
Oh, yeah?
Can I give you some advice?
Don't trust Alison too much.
Stop playing the fool.
Here.
Her phone.
What do you think I'm doing?
Nothing.
You look a little hungover this morning.
- I feel like crap.
- Yeah.
I came straight here after the Chien Noir.
- Straight here? Really?
- Yeah, I made my guys work all night.
We found something
that might interest you.
Oh, yeah?
Come look.
Go ahead.
Samir's wife?
- Myriam Hamza.
- Yeah?
She took the usual route.
Syria, Turkey, Greece.
She showed her papers.
That's how we found her.
She requested to stay
in the Schengen Area.
They then transferred her to Belgium.
We found her phone number
and checked her calls.
There's a number that she calls daily.
It's presumably Samir.
Let's go grab a cup of coffee. I need it.
- Want some coffee?
- No, thanks.
If we stopped messing around
for two minutes, there are two teams.
On one side, there's me
trying to locate the hackers
and on the other,
those trying to eliminate them.
So, what are you getting at?
What's your point?
You want to back out of the mission?
No, but we both know that if I find Samir,
he's going to die.
Is that what you want?
Is that your client's order?
My client is Didier Taraud.
He's the Head of the Élysée's
National Security Services.
The task force,
in charge of counterbalancing
the "superpowers" of the DGSE.
You got anything on him?
He's brilliant, ambitious,
ENA graduate, finance inspector.
He loves money.
Not sure why he didn't join
the private sector.
He would have earned ten times more.
So, we can't do anything.
It's protected by TrueCrypt,
so it's impossible to open.
What did I tell you?
Okay. You have to find Samir.
Here's a new identity and cover.
Go to Brussels and bring back
Samir's wife. That'll make him come.
Sabine Louseau, Taraud's mistress.
She works for the European Commission.
She's taking the train at Gare du Nord
for Brussels this afternoon.
Go talk to her.
So we get some information on Taraud
and know if he's playing both sides.
I'm sorry, but your job sounds like shit.
Okay?
I'm not here to get myself killed.
So, seeing the risks
and the moral prejudice--
Moral prejudice? What prejudice?
Hey. I was forced to contact Alison again.
Yeah.
To see how fat and ugly she's become?
Stop it. Anything interesting in here?
Only useless pictures.
This woman either has a clean record,
or is very, very, very careful.
Well, anyways, as I was saying.
I was paid for one job,
but now it seems that I have two.
So, I need to be paid more.
Excuse me.
Mom?
Is that you?
Of course it is, you piece of shit.
I wasn't going to leave
without a little souvenir of you.
Well, go ahead, search all you want.
Mom, no-- Just a second, Mom.
Don't worry, don't panic.
I'm coming.
I'll take the train to Brussels.
It won't ruin our plans.
You found Samir? Is that where he is?
Well, no.
Listen, I don't know.
I'll talk to his wife.
Maybe she'll tell me.
You're with someone?
Mom.
Stop. Please don't be jealous, okay?
I love you, Mom.
- Men and their mothers, right?
- Yeah. She isn't young anymore.
What's taking so long?
I have no idea what he's doing.
- You're going to Brussels too?
- Yeah.
Me too, it seems the train's late.
I don't know if you've noticed.
- Yes, very late.
- Hello.
Hello, a cup of coffee, please.
- Two, please.
- Two? Very well.
And a pain au chocolat.
And a croissant.
Right away, sir.
I'm watching my weight.
EUROPE AID
- You work for--
- Yes, I work for them.
Well, I work with them.
That's funny. My mom's name is Sabine.
What a coincidence.
Chance.
Here you go.
I'm here for-- I'm not sure how long.
- Thank you.
- So, I'm free whenever you want.
I won't miss it.
- You staying at a hotel or--
- No, I have an apartment here.
Really? All right.
- I should probably take back my luggage.
- Sorry.
And cramique? Do you eat cramique,
craquelin and all of that?
- No, not at all.
- Do you know what it is?
- No.
- We should go eat some craquelin then.
Did you see how
they divided us into groups? Let's go.
Hello. Hi.
I'm here for Mrs. Hamza, Myriam Hamza.
The asylum request she made
has been granted.
Okay.
Here she is.
She arrived yesterday.
So she must still be in quarantine.
All right, thank you.
Hello. The main office, please.
Can I see your pass, please?
It's over there.
- There?
- Yeah.
So, Myriam Hamza,
it's going to be right over there.
Mrs. Hamza. I've found you at last.
My Arabic is a little rusty.
I'm Lounès Cordier.
But more importantly, how are you?
How's your health?
I am well, thank you.
Thanks be to God.
And how about your son? Hicham, is it?
He is well, thanks be to God.
Thanks be to God.
Do you speak French?
French?
No.
That's all right. That's all right.
Are you okay?
Are you happy here? Are you at ease?
I don't know.
...System.
I'll come. Wait for me, please, sir?
I'll go and get my son.
Thank you, Lounès. You're very kind.
Fine.
Ms. Louseau, you seem to want
to make things complicated.
I'm simply asking you to respect
the procedures, Ms. Rowdy.
The EU is not a self-service.
- Hello, how are you?
- Hey.
This is Samir. He's from Syria.
- Say hi, Samir. Say hello.
- One moment.
- Say it.
- Just a minute.
Hi, Samir.
He's on the phone.
How many people are in your tent?
They don't give us...
God be with you.
Hello, this is Myriam.
I can't take your call, so leave a message
and I'll get back to you.
Yes, we're taking you to the hospital.
Come on.
No! Help me!
Help me! Help me! No!
Stop!
Help me! Help me! Help me!
Stop! Leave her alone! Stop! Stop!
Traffickers! Traffickers!
Stop them!
Bastards!
Pick up, Myriam.
- Who were those men?
- I don't know.
My husband has some problems.
What? What kind of problems?
Lounès! Lounès!
Wake up!
My dear.
It's me.
I need you.
Where are you?
Welcome to Antropa.
Don't get carried away.
Come on.
We're almost there.
- Come on. Take it slow.
- I'm okay.
Wait, I'll do it. I'll do it.
Are you okay?
Call your husband.
Tell him you're in trouble.
Tell him to call me. Hurry!
Okay, okay.
- And then take out the battery.
- Okay.
Thank you.
She knows where Samir is?
They have a code.
She leaves him a message on a phone,
and he calls back with another.
Shouldn't you see a doctor?
So, you don't want to play doctor
with me anymore?
Listen, you take them
and turn them slightly.
It's like a little hook.
You have to take out the hook.
Try to get it out
without tearing everything.
Understand?
Go ahead and disinfect a little
at the same time.
- Okay.
- Please.
Go ahead.
What's wrong?
You're scared or something?
Come on.
That's it.
- Now turn it.
- Wait.
- Come on.
- Let's do this.
- Did you get it?
- Yes.
You got it?
- There's one left?
- Yes.
Go ahead.
Fuck!
Can you sit down for two seconds?
I'm not sure how you feel about it now--
Well, I guess you must hate me to death.
What I'm trying to say is, I don't want
to think about all that anymore.
I'm trying to forget everything and
move on. And you're not a happy memory.
I've been seeing someone
for the past five years,
and we're going to get married.
But,
does he know about everything?
No.
And you love him?
Yes. Tremendously.
"Tremendously"?
He must be kind then.
Why? Is it stupid to be kind?
I'm trying to tell you that I've changed.
- You think people change?
- I hope so.
I hate the woman that I was,
the things that happened.
It was an accident, right?
Nonetheless, it's too late.
We can't be friends. Or anything else.
Of course.
Nice going.
What are you telling me?
Oh, yes.
You soothed him. Thank you.
God bless him.
We're in luck,
Mr. Vandermeer is back from Berlin.
She's Richard Banks' adviser.
You know, the one who's tailing Bolton.
You know her name?
- You think she caught on?
- That I tried blocking the deal?
Yes. She got it loud and clear.
What should I do?
So, tonight, when they come to sign
the papers, I don't want you there.
Being there or not
won't stop them from signing.
I put an enormous amount of money in
a Swiss bank account for you. Don't argue.
- Don't talk to me like that.
- Then stop.
It's not over yet. Tonight you'll be
unable to attend because of your son.
And you let Vandermeer
handle the British on his own.
Take the money back. I don't want it.
You don't care about Pierre then?
You know, making a half-baked baby
is a luxury, my dear.
Bob, who's the idiot you sent to Brussels?
Clearly, he didn't understand a thing.
Is there a problem?
The problem is that they got
an appointment to sign the papers tonight,
and there's nothing I can do about it.
How am I supposed to
pay this in such a short time?
It's kind of you to remember my name.
I really need a drink. How about it?
That's good news.
Meet up in an hour?
I can manage that.
See you later. I'll send you the address.
- How are you?
- Fine.
That must have hurt.
And I thought I was having a bad day.
It's nothing. Just personal stuff.
- Another.
- Okay.
I didn't care that he was married.
I was fascinated by him.
I wanted everything he could give me.
I was addicted to his world.
Stupid, right?
No.
I was an addict too for a while.
It made me do all kinds of stupid things.
Then I understood that in that situation,
there aren't a lot of choices.
You leave or you're screwed.
Did you manage? To completely cut ties?
Yes.
That doesn't mean that...
my heart doesn't ache when I think of her,
but it's nostalgia. It's in the past.
You see her often?
No. No, no.
It's not possible.
But I have a child with him.
I didn't know. You have a child?
To children... of others.
Wait, let me get that for you.
Thank you.
- Can I sit beside you?
- Yes.
It's lovely!
The nanny is sleeping over there.
Wait.